Clean up & shorten PR template (#120259)
godotengine/godot: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

<!--
Please target the `master` branch and read our checklist for contributors:
https://contributing.godotengine.org/en/latest/engine/introduction.html#checklist-for-new-contributors
-->

> ## What issue(s) or proposal does this PR address?

Reviewer: Why not "proposal(s)"?

Author: I was thinking it’s uncommon that a PR addresses multiple proposals.

Reviewer 2: It does happen more than you'd think, particularly when there's duplicate or overlapping proposals.

- Closes #

## Additional information

<!--

> Provide additional info, mention code you are uncertain of, or highlight details that require special attention from reviewers.

Reviewer 3: Additional info is redundant of the title, whereas the original word of "explanation" is, in my opinion, the most important word of this comment that describes what should be in this section.

```suggestion
Provide an explanation, mention code you are uncertain of, or highlight details that require special attention from reviewers.
```

Otherwise, I like this wording. Another option that is even shorter is to use the original phrasing, but without the redundant "additional info" words:

```suggestion
Provide an explanation of your PR, including areas that you are uncertain of or require special attention from reviewers.
```

(See my main review comment for thoughts about removing the URL from this text)

Reviewer 4: Should be "an explanation"
